# CS-300-Module-8
8-1 Journal: Portfolio Submission

The problem I was solving in these projects was making code in order to make the computer science programs print out in the correct order. Project One was a starting point basically for creating Project Two in my opinion. For the problems that I approached throughout this semester most of them could be resolved by going off the course work provided to me via ZyBooks or external sources such as Stack OverFlow to help me with all the issues I've faced. That also applied to my roadblocks as well since a road block and a problem are basically the same thing and require the same solution (in my case). My work on this project has helped my approach to designing software tremendously for the simple fact that it gave me a different outlook and showed me multiple avenues of approaches I could use later on down the road. It helped me become more comfortable with the idea of tackling something that I've never done before. I've always approached projects to create them as readable, maintainable, and adaptable as possible because I know one day I'll be doing this for a company or multiple companies and in my mind simplicity is key and there is no need to ever over-complicate something if you don't have to. Data structures are extremely important because each one has value in their own retrospect. So if you don't know the importance of each one and how to properly utilize it then you could be making a lot more work for yourself that will ultimately fail or make your life more difficult when it doesn't have to be.
